Initial release of the refine UI (#2494)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/merchants/hd_refiner.txt

		mes "Well, even if it fails, it only decreases by 1 refine level.";
		mes "Would you like to continue refining?";
		next;
		if (countitem(6635) < .@blacksmith_blessing_count)
			setarray .@menu$[1], "Yes", "Not yet";
		else {
			mes "[Blacksmith Mighty Hammer]";

> 			mes "Ah! is it the ^0000ffBlacksmith Blessing^000000?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Ah! Is it the ^0000ffBlacksmith Blessing^000000?";
```

> 			mes "With the Blacksmith Blessing, the equipment won't vanish if the refine is failed!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "With the Blacksmith Blessing, the equipment won't vanish if the refine fails!";
```

			next;
			mes "[Blacksmith Mighty Hammer]";
			.@weapon_lvl = getequipweaponlv(.@part);
			if (.@weapon_lvl < 1 || .@weapon_lvl > 4)

> 				mes "For +" + getequiprefinerycnt(.@part) + " equipment, refine with^316AC5 " + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment to be vanished. Do you want use it to refine?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "For +" + getequiprefinerycnt(.@part) + " equipment, refine with^316AC5 " + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment from vanishing. Do you want use it to refine?";
```

			else

> 				mes "For +" + getequiprefinerycnt(.@part) + " weapon, refine with^316AC5 " + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment to be vanished. Do you want use it to refine?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "For +" + getequiprefinerycnt(.@part) + " weapon, refine with^316AC5 " + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment from vanishing. Do you want use it to refine?";
```

		.@type$ = "armor";
	else
		.@type$ = "weapon";
	mes "[Basta]";
	mes "Hmm... is this the one you want to refine?";
	mes "To refine this equipment, I need 1 ^ff9999" + getitemname(.@material) + "^000000 and " + callfunc("F_InsertComma",.@price) + " zeny as a fee.";
	mes "Do you really want to refine this?";
	next;
	if (select("Yes:No") == 2) {
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Okay. If that's what you want...";
		close;
	}
	if (getequippercentrefinery(.@part, true) < 100) {
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "This " + .@type$ + " has already been refined pretty high.";
		mes "If you try to refine it more, the refine level could decrease.";
		next;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "I am different from the blacksmiths in others places.";
		mes "It is impossible that the refine level will drop by, say, 3 or 4... that sounds scary.";
		mes "Here it can only decrease by 1 level.";
		next;
		if (.@blacksmith_blessing_count == 0 || countitem(6635) < .@blacksmith_blessing_count) {
			mes "[Basta]";
			mes "Compared to other blacksmiths, the risk is smaller.";
			mes "I've given all precautions. Do you want to try it?";
			next;
			setarray .@menu$[1], "Yes", "No";
		}
		else {
			mes "[Basta]";

> 			mes "Woh~ is it the ^316AC5Blacksmith Blessing^000000? It is difficult to get it~ But, you has get it!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Woah~ Is it the ^316AC5Blacksmith Blessing^000000? It is difficult to get~ But, you have it!";
```

			next;
			mes "[Basta]";

> 			mes "For +" + .@refine_count + " " + .@type$ + " need ^316AC5" + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment is vanished. Do you want to refine with Blacksmith Blessing?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "For +" + .@refine_count + " " + .@type$ + " need ^316AC5" + .@blacksmith_blessing_count + " unit(s) Blacksmith Blessing^000000 can prevent the equipment from vanishing. Do you want to refine with Blacksmith Blessing?";
```

		mes "I really am the best blacksmith in the whole wide world!";
		close;
	}
	if (.@bless_who == 1) {
		specialeffect EF_HOLYHIT;
		next;
		emotion (rand(5) ? e_omg : e_cash );
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Aaaaaaaaaaak!!!";
		next;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Refining is failed!";
		mes "The best blacksmith in the world like me...";
		mes "doesn't guarantee 100% success~";
	}
	else {
		downrefitem .@part;
		next;
		emotion (rand(5) ? e_omg : e_cash );
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Aaaaaaaaaaak!!!";
		next;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Damn it!";
		mes "Refining failed and refine level has decreased!";
		mes "Even the best blacksmith in the world doesn't guarantee 100% success!";
	}
	mes "Too bad.";
	next;
	mes "[Basta]";
	mes "I'll do better next time! Don't worry!";
	close;

OnInit:	// Refine UI makes these NPCs useless
	if (getbattleflag("feature.refineui") == 3)

> 		unloadnpc strnpcinfo(0);

Reviewer 2: `unloadnpc strnpcinfo(3);`

Reviewer 3: Map server crashes when changing the value to strnpcinfo(3); I have applied cyd's patch for refine. Will it have conflict?

Using strnpcinfo(0); map-server is normal.

		mes "I really am the best blacksmith in the whole wide world!";
		close;
	}
	if (.@bless_who == 1) {
		specialeffect EF_HOLYHIT;
		next;
		emotion (!rand(5))?ET_MONEY:ET_HUK;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Aaaaaaaaaaak!!!";
		next;
		mes "[Basta]";

> 		mes "Refining is failed!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Refining has failed!";
```

		mes "The best blacksmith in the world like me...";
		mes "doesn't guarantee 100% success~";
	}
	else {
		downrefitem .@part;
		next;
		emotion (!rand(5))?ET_MONEY:ET_HUK;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Aaaaaaaaaaak!!!";
		next;
		mes "[Basta]";
		mes "Damn it!";

> 		mes "Refining failed and refine level has decreased!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Refining has failed and refine level has decreased!";
```
